profile/README.md, before:

# HEIG-VD DAI Course

Welcome to the
[Développement d'applications internet (DAI) course](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/fiches/uv/uv.php?id=6573)
at [HEIG-VD](https://heig-vd.ch), Switzerland!

This course defines the basics of network communication and how all these
communications are programmed.

At the end of the course, you will know how to define, program and deploy
network applications, how to interact with them, and the different elements to
pay attention to make robust applications.

Whether you are in software, security, data science, embedded or network, you
will have to deal with network applications (APIs, devices, etc.). This course
will give you a solid grounding in this world.

## Getting started

Do not know where to start? Have a look at the
[main repository for the course](https://github.com/heig-vd-dai-course/heig-vd-dai-course)!

## Teaching staff

- Ludovic Delafontaine [@ludelafo](https://github.com/ludelafo/)
- Hadrien Louis [@hadrylouis](https://github.com/hadrylouis) (for class
  [DAI-TIC-B](#dai-tic-b))
- Géraud Silvestri [@GeraudSilvestri](https://github.com/GeraudSilvestri/) (for
  class [DAI-TIC-C](#dai-tic-c))

## Students

As of the fall semester 2024-2025, the course is taught to two different
classes.

### DAI-TIC-B

The course is given on Monday mornings, from 8:30 to 12:00, in J01 -
[Check schedule on GAPS](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/horaires/index.php?annee=2024&trimestre=1&type=3&id=49529).

The students are:

<!--
READ ME PLEASE

Add your name in the list in alphabetical order (by last name) in this format:

- First name Last name [@GitHub username](https://github.com/<username>)

It helps us (the teaching staff) searching for someone when grading your work
and answering your questions.
-->

- Mathieu Emery [@mathieuemery](https://github.com/mathieuemery)

### DAI-TIC-C

The course is given on Friday mornings, from 8:30 to 12:00, in J01 -
[Check schedule on GAPS](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/horaires/index.php?annee=2024&trimestre=1&type=3&id=49530).

The students are:

<!--
READ ME PLEASE

Add your name in the list in alphabetical order (by last name) in this format:

- First name Last name [@GitHub username](https://github.com/<username>)

It helps us (the teaching staff) searching for someone when grading your work
and answering your questions.
-->
- Urs Behrmann [@ursbehrmann](https://github.com/UBehrmann)
- Gonçalo Carvalheiro Heleno [@lentidas](https://github.com/lentidas)
- Nicolas Duprat [@skyrag](https://github.com/skyrag)
- Guillaume Fragnière [@GFragniere](https://github.com/GFragniere)
- Kilian Froidevaux [@kilianfroideva](https://github.com/kilianfroideva)
- Léonard Jouve [@LeonardJouve](https://github.com/LeonardJouve)
- Dylan Langumier [@Dylan-Langumier](https://github.com/Dylan-Langumier)
- Raphaël Perret [@rp2709](https://github.com/rp2709)
- Thomas Stäheli [@thomasstaheli](https://github.com/thomasstaheli)
- Nathan Tschantz [@TschantzN](https://github.com/TschantzN)
- Killian Viquerat [@Killian-Viquerat](https://github.com/Killian-Viquerat)
- Ali Zoubir [@Ali-Z0](https://github.com/Ali-Z0)

Commit message:

This change was done on branch 'this-branch-will-create-a-conflict'

profile/README.md, after:

# This change is made on the branch 'this-branch-will-create-a-conflict'

Welcome to the
[Développement d'applications internet (DAI) course](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/fiches/uv/uv.php?id=6573)
at [HEIG-VD](https://heig-vd.ch), Switzerland!

This course defines the basics of network communication and how all these
communications are programmed.

At the end of the course, you will know how to define, program and deploy
network applications, how to interact with them, and the different elements to
pay attention to make robust applications.

Whether you are in software, security, data science, embedded or network, you
will have to deal with network applications (APIs, devices, etc.). This course
will give you a solid grounding in this world.

## Getting started

Do not know where to start? Have a look at the
[main repository for the course](https://github.com/heig-vd-dai-course/heig-vd-dai-course)!

## Teaching staff

- Ludovic Delafontaine [@ludelafo](https://github.com/ludelafo/)
- Hadrien Louis [@hadrylouis](https://github.com/hadrylouis) (for class
  [DAI-TIC-B](#dai-tic-b))
- Géraud Silvestri [@GeraudSilvestri](https://github.com/GeraudSilvestri/) (for
  class [DAI-TIC-C](#dai-tic-c))

## Students

As of the fall semester 2024-2025, the course is taught to two different
classes.

### DAI-TIC-B

The course is given on Monday mornings, from 8:30 to 12:00, in J01 -
[Check schedule on GAPS](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/horaires/index.php?annee=2024&trimestre=1&type=3&id=49529).

The students are:

<!--
READ ME PLEASE

Add your name in the list in alphabetical order (by last name) in this format:

- First name Last name [@GitHub username](https://github.com/<username>)

It helps us (the teaching staff) searching for someone when grading your work
and answering your questions.
-->

- Mathieu Emery [@mathieuemery](https://github.com/mathieuemery)

### DAI-TIC-C

The course is given on Friday mornings, from 8:30 to 12:00, in J01 -
[Check schedule on GAPS](https://gaps.heig-vd.ch/consultation/horaires/index.php?annee=2024&trimestre=1&type=3&id=49530).

The students are:

<!--
READ ME PLEASE

Add your name in the list in alphabetical order (by last name) in this format:

- First name Last name [@GitHub username](https://github.com/<username>)

It helps us (the teaching staff) searching for someone when grading your work
and answering your questions.
-->
- Urs Behrmann [@ursbehrmann](https://github.com/UBehrmann)
- Gonçalo Carvalheiro Heleno [@lentidas](https://github.com/lentidas)
- Nicolas Duprat [@skyrag](https://github.com/skyrag)
- Guillaume Fragnière [@GFragniere](https://github.com/GFragniere)
- Kilian Froidevaux [@kilianfroideva](https://github.com/kilianfroideva)
- Léonard Jouve [@LeonardJouve](https://github.com/LeonardJouve)
- Dylan Langumier [@Dylan-Langumier](https://github.com/Dylan-Langumier)
- Raphaël Perret [@rp2709](https://github.com/rp2709)
- Thomas Stäheli [@thomasstaheli](https://github.com/thomasstaheli)
- Nathan Tschantz [@TschantzN](https://github.com/TschantzN)
- Killian Viquerat [@Killian-Viquerat](https://github.com/Killian-Viquerat)
- Ali Zoubir [@Ali-Z0](https://github.com/Ali-Z0)
